The year is 2177, and humanity has been at war for generations. Since the dawn of human interstellar civilization, mankind has fought against the zarchons. It is not a war over resources, for in the vastness of space, material wealth is abundant to such advanced civilizations. Nor is it some war of politics, or religion. Instead it is a conflict of desperation and fear of the unknown, with all involved convinced that there is no other possible outcome but for the annhilation of one side or the other. There is no communication, no diplomatic channel to sue for peace; there is only a conflict that seems to have no end. 

The sheer length and scale of the war has transformed human civilization. The discovery of hostile alien life united Earth in a way nothing else could, and massive technological and societal progress followed in its wake. Freed from petty domestic disputes, mankind quickly began grasping for the stars. Methods of waging war on an interstellar scale were developed, tested, and refined over decades of slaughter. Despite humanity's rapid advancement, the zarchons seemed to advance just as quickly, with no side gaining an advantage. 

Seeing no end, the supreme council ordered the construction of the greatest warship ever conceived, the culmination of 100 years of human ship building knowledge and theory, codenamed CTRL+ALT+DSTRY. Of course, there was no question as to who would pilot this great machine, taking it to the very heart of zarchon civilization: the pilot would be none other than Captain Ace "SPACE" Pilot, the most legendary fighter ace ever to go to war against the zarchons. 

The mission was simply, but infinitely dangerous: fly to the zarchon homeworld, destroy any and all warships encountered, and forever destroy the zarchon ability to wage war. 

You are Ace "SPACE" Pilot. Your story is legend, you are the top scoring ace in the history of mankind, and you are the only one capable of ending this war. Climb into CTRL+ALT+DSTRY, and finish the fight, pilot!
